Hello everyone, today I am going to show you a
little elves the effectiveness that
they have these troops in battle
well let's start
as you can see in the record of
attacks I'm stealing for pretty well
ok before you start with the goblins
goblins attack'll show you
I just loaded but fine but pretty
all right
look at the booty that was
available 300 thousand two hundred fifty
thousand
ok it happens that everything was in the
warehouses worth I already knew what happens
that I missed the boil as now
you will see I open down there to enter
with the giants with a healer to
the watchers that I have and I go
destroying is worth as bic in the
collectors there was also quite
resources because they are not empty at all
I did not leave because with the archers but
after I left the ball is worth android
with two breaks walls
and when should I have thrown where
he argued that having thrown by the
down is worth out there by the threw them for
up and that was the shit if the
I would have thrown down
destroyed the two
these two warehouses safe these two
first and the other two maybe also
ok but I'm asshole you have them for
They were killed above
and if robert resources 200 145 thousand that was
what interested me what I did not
I was interested because I have the stores
currently filled but I know that it
They were 153 thousand for the stores
in
the truth that has been a shame but
It has also helped me to show you the
power that they have where they leave this
video as you have seen have displaced
all all the collectors from above
in a second it has been very fast
well after showing you the shit
majestic
I'm going for another
for another attack
good as you see right now I'm going with this
army is always worth someone
you asked
you have not made recommendations for me
that go with another type of army and such
I in the videos what I teach you or
just make armies
that do not work very well but it stops them
show the effectiveness of each unit
first I made the barbarians to
teach you the barbarians how they went as
would be a script the soldiers after
the archers
but usually when I play
games do not play with armies
no no no obviously if I could win it
game with these armies is worth
they are mixed they are worth 10 goblins 44 breaks
walls a healer 40 archers 118 and
giant people and 23 goals worth and two
spells
and he told me forming better
if you mostly to catch the elixir
dark if the villages that attacked have 80
thousand of the minimum dark exile
and maximum 100,000 from 60 thousand to 100 thousand
attacked but without spending it
but without spending the spells
if it exceeds 100,000 it attacked and spent
spells and so we always win
well I will teach you now is
here as you can see are all the resources
in the mines then it was very easy
loose out there the giants the
we break to enter the tower of magicians
and destroy it more giants and archers by
all sides are scattered a little
so that no mortars against Porto
they arrive but good so that they do not
respect when they are approaching
Now imagine before I bought walls
and more archers out there
I brought the gifts to help a
little bit to the goalkeepers
as you see the gifts
sepe so fast new mines
and they go
now how bad are they staying against a
wall and then the tower of magicians the
peta
good for here there is nothing the
goal that was to get the resources
he's got it worth 160,000 elixir
of 180,000 gold
a very good attack me at these levels
as learned from the great Alvaro 845
I'm always firm to the cups more or
less has gone up
I'm around one thousand five thousand
two hundred but I will not upload the never
is contaminating the glasses ever when
ye to the village level 9 Level Eight
maybe I'll go for drinks but for now
the main thing is to get resources we
continue that did not bother me anyway
I usually always get the
50 percent but by city councils
because this is pretty basic to serve
pretty good but of course even if I get
drinks later with the city councils
they were removed so for me it 's a
good priority what else to say
I'm not going to teach more attacks anymore, I'm not going to
comment that as you can see I already have almost
all went up I need to go to the warehouse
this evil exposed the 9 raise it to level 10
and then without defenses I had a tower
magicians and already it is this that is
finishing the air defense and I would have
everyone would only stay this camp
of important things and the barracks
they removed that barracks but I'm going
what will I do when I finish
in this this worker to work here
in a camp then surely
I'm going to improve the town hall at level 7
It's worth it because I already have a surplus
I am golden expression I have two plates
full but I can not I will not catch them
because I have it full of the warehouse like this
that I'm going to go for the town hall and in
the six days it takes I'll finish the
buildings
I will try the wall to climb the minimum to everything
Now that I think I can
get
so nothing if you liked to give
like or comment something and see you in the
next episode see you later